Boeing B-17D-18
This aircraft is known as the Sky Fortress, and is already well known as the American 5-Alarm-B-18.
It is used as the current 4-aircraft-18 aircraft, including the Do-E type and the Consolidated B-24.
It is a good example of our representation and air defense, but its performance is excellent.
It is one of the aircraft that the United States is most eager to see in our air force.
We are not only familiar with the appearance of the aircraft, such as the shape and structure of the aircraft, but also the details of its sound and performance.
This sound is recorded using the Boeing B-17D-18, which we recorded, at a cruising speed of 1,000 meters, 3,000 meters, and 5,000 meters.
The sound of the B-17D-18 is similar to the sound of a single-barreled plane flying in a small helicopter.
It has a wide range of sound, and the sound of the B-17D-18 has a soft sound with a low, low power.
This is also a subjective point, but if we take a step back and say about the sound of the B-17D-18 at various altitudes,
we can hear about three different synthetic sounds at altitudes of 1,000 meters and 3,000 meters.
Moreover, there are many similar sounds, especially low frequency sounds of 150 to 200 cycles, such as organ, tenho, ho, he, ehe, etc.
At 1,000 meters, you can hear a sound that includes a slightly high frequency sound called Kaa,
but at about 3,000 meters, this Kaa is almost gone, and instead you can feel a sound of a continuous sound and a sound of a gurgle.
At 5,000 meters, you can hear a sound that is almost close to a single sound, and you can hear a gurgle with a prelude.
This is only a part of the feature sound of the Boeing B-17D,
and I hope that those who listen to it will be able to remember the sound of the B-17D and use it in their air defense.